[docs] Add advanced usage for java functions impls (#21323)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/develop/functions.rst

  is used when performing a ``GROUP BY`` aggregation, and an implementation
  will be automatically generated for you, if you don't specify a
  ``AccumulatorStateFactory``

Advanced Use Cases
------------------

Raw Block Inputs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Both scalar and aggregation function annotations allow you to define methods
which operate on native types. In Java, these native types are ``boolean``,
``Slice``, and ``long``. For parameterized implementations or parametric types,
the standard Java types can't be used as they can't fully represent the input
data.

> To define a method handle which can accept *any* types use ``@BlockPosition`` in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a method handle which can accept *any* types, use ``@BlockPosition`` in
```
Suggest a comma to separate the description ("define a method handle which can accept *any* types") from the how to (use ``@BlockPosition`` in conjunction with the ``@BlockIndex`` parameters.")

aggregation function implementations. An example signature is provided below. 

.. code-block:: java

    @ScalarFunction("example")
    public static Block exampleFunction(
            @BlockPosition @SqlType("array(int)") Block block,
            @BlockIndex int index) { /* ...implementation */ }

Applying Generic Types with ``@BlockPosition``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Function signatures that use the ``@BlockPosition`` syntax are able to operate
over generic types when the function is defined with a ``@TypeParameter``
annotation. Augment the ``@BlockPosition`` argument with an additional
``@SqlType("T")`` annotation to denote that it accepts an argument corresponding
to the generic type. This works for both scalar and aggregation function
implementations.

.. code-block:: java

    @ScalarFunction("example")
    @TypeParameter("T")
    public static Block exampleFunction(
            @BlockPosition @SqlType("T") Block block,
            @BlockIndex int index) { /* ...implementation */ }

Retrieving the Generic Type with ``@TypeParameter``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Add the ``@TypeParameter`` annotation can at the beginning of a function's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the ``@TypeParameter`` annotation at the beginning of a function's
```
I think this "can" was overlooked. Happens to everyone :).

  is used when performing a ``GROUP BY`` aggregation, and an implementation
  will be automatically generated for you, if you don't specify a
  ``AccumulatorStateFactory``

Advanced Use Cases
------------------

Raw Block Inputs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Both scalar and aggregation function annotations allow you to define methods
which operate on native types. In Java, these native types are ``boolean``,

> ``Slice``, and ``long``. However, for parameterized implementations or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Slice``, and ``long``. For parameterized implementations or
```

> parametric types, the standard Java types can't always be used as they aren't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parametric types, the standard Java types can't always be used as they can't
```

Author: Do you think it sounds a little weird reading out the sentence having "can't" repeated twice? 

With all of your suggested changes the sentence would be:

> For parameterized implementations or parametric types, the standard Java types can't always be used as they can't fully represent the input data.

I think keeping the "aren't"s would make it sound better IMO?

> For parameterized implementations or parametric types, the standard Java types can't always be used as they aren't able to represent the input data.

I don't have a strong preference, but usually when writing I try to avoid to repeating the same word within the same sentence

Reviewer: Good point! I suggested changing the "aren't" to "can't" to move away from the passive "aren't able to", and for shorter. That said, this one is very much a suggestion! 

I had a couple of new suggestions in a new review, so if you'd like to change this back to "aren't able to" in what I think is the final go-round, please do so!

> able to fully represent the input data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fully represent the input data.
```

> It is possible to define a method handle which can accept *any* types by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a method handle which can accept *any* types, use
```

``@BlockPosition`` in conjunction with the ``@BlockIndex`` parameters. This
works for both scalar and aggregation function implementations. An example
signature is provided below. 

.. code-block:: java

    @ScalarFunction("example")
    public static Block exampleFunction(
            @BlockPosition @SqlType("array(int)") Block block,
            @BlockIndex int index) { /* ...implementation */ }

Applying Generic Types with ``@BlockPosition``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Function signatures that use the ``@BlockPosition`` syntax are also able to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function signatures that use the ``@BlockPosition`` syntax are able to
```

operate over generic types when the function is defined with a

> ``@TypeParameter`` annotation. Augment the ``@BlockPosition`` argument with an

Reviewer: No suggestion, a compliment that this "Augment..." sentence is a great example of using imperative mood to clearly describe how and what the reader can do.

Author: Thanks steve!

additional ``@SqlType("T")`` annotation to denote that it accepts an argument
corresponding to the generic type. This works for both scalar and aggregation
function implementations.

.. code-block:: java

    @ScalarFunction("example")
    @TypeParameter("T")
    public static Block exampleFunction(
            @BlockPosition @SqlType("T") Block block,
            @BlockIndex int index) { /* ...implementation */ }

Retrieving the Generic Type with ``@TypeParameter``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The ``@TypeParameter`` annotation can also be added at the beginning of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the ``@TypeParameter`` annotation at the beginning of a
```

function's argument list to allow the implementation to perform type-specific
logic. Add a ``Type``-typed argument annotated with ``@TypeParameter`` as
the first argument of the function signature to get access to the ``Type``.

> This works for both scalar and aggregation functions.

Reviewer: _This works for both scalar and aggregation functions._

No change. This comment is an observation that this sentence is repeated several times in this new doc section, and that this repetition is a good thing. People don't read docs from top of page to the bottom, they find the topic they need, read it, and go on with their day. Topics should be able to stand alone and this repetition allows the topics in _Advanced Use Cases_ to do so.
